making merit is a way of earning
celestial favor for doing a good deed it
might be giving arms to a monk chanting
Buddhist scripture or releasing an
animal into the wild
as befits their size and place in Thai
culture to release an elephant is one of
the highest forms of making merit today
six will be set free six elephants for
the sixtieth birthday of Thailand's
much-loved princess Sirindhorn
[Music]
it's a very big day for a little
elephant like Erin she has to face the
crowds of well-wishers and Anna has even
taught her to bow for the princess
[Music]
the princess blesses them with holy
water
[Music]
she offers them each a stick or two of
sugarcane for their journey and they are
free when llama boy is alive in in horny
cop by Dan Thomas Chanukah Annan and the
team of Rangers will continue to monitor
their progress go platoon party to the
vodka - Mila when you do recon Julia you
may fire there's already a herd of
previously released elephants roaming
the forest hopefully in time bassinet
and earn will join up with them